**How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?**

A focus on an incremental approach and modularity are very helpful when writing programs.  In these examples, I was able to reuse the module simply by importing.  Similarly, if I needed to edit a method in the module simply editing the module then would be reflected across any other work using it - which makes reusability extremely easy and therefore the adaptability is high.  In terms of readability - good comments and following good standards for code simply make it much easier to follow if you take a look at later after time away... rather than trying to decipher what you meant months/years ago with no notes and a giant wall of code!

**How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?**

I try to approach a problem analytically, and with enough planning to develop a course of action.  You can then work through step-by-step and decide what works or does not work as expected after each step.  This helped me a lot with the dashboard, as I could develop the functional part first and ensure it was working, then spend time on various customizations to ensure they worked as intended and if they improved the end user experience (either visually or through additional options to customize the workflow).  This was a similar approach to other previous assignments, but it definitely felt more enhanced - the structure of the course helped lay this out in a very productive manner that made this an easy approach to ease into.  I think I would follow a similar approach for other databases in the future - start with examining the data and determining how we need to manipulate it, build functions/methods into some sort of modular approach, ensure a minimum viable product, then focus on improving the experience/dashboard/functionality.

**What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?**

Computer scientists use technology to solve problems and improve life for others through their solutions (often to complex problems).  Our solution to Grazioso Salvare's problem can be applied to many fields - we took an extremely tedious and unorganized workflow and cut down the amount of time needed to perform various actions (such as finding all available cats in a certain area) by a tremendous factor of time.  This allows organizations to spend more of their time on their actual purpose (animal rescues in this instance) rather than stuck behind logistical hurdles or various other barriers.
